Add data api docs (#224)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/aura-graphql-data-apis/prerequisites.adoc

= Prerequisites

> Management of the beta of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB is performed using the Aura CLI command line tool. Future versions will be fully integrated with the Aura Console. The Aura CLI will need to be installed and configured for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beta of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB is managed via the Aura CLI command line tool.
You must install and configure the Aura CLI for this purpose.
Future versions will be fully integrated with the Aura Console.
```

> == Read This Before you Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Before you start
```

> Using the GraphQL API during the Open Beta will be at no cost to you. Usage of the associated AuraDB instance will be charged as normal unless you’re using Aura Pro Trials which, as the name suggests, is a zero-cost option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the GraphQL API during the Open Beta is free of charge.
Usage of the associated AuraDB instance will be charged as normal unless you're using Aura Pro Trials which is a zero-cost option.
```

> At the end of the beta period, all running GraphQL endpoints will be terminated and destroyed in preparation for the full release. Notification of this will be sent out two weeks before GraphQL endpoints are withdrawn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the beta period, all running GraphQL endpoints will be terminated in preparation for the full release.
We will send out a notification two weeks before they are terminated.
```

> == Obtain Aura API Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Obtain Aura API credentials
```

> The Aura CLI communicates with Neo4j AuraDB platform by use of an API. To use the API, a set of credentials is required. To get the credentials, follow these steps depending on which version of the console you are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Aura CLI communicates with Neo4j AuraDB platform via an API.
To use the API, a set of credentials is required.
To get the credentials, follow these steps depending on which version of the console you are using.
```

> === New Unified Aura Console Experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== New unified Aura Console experience
```

> 1. Login into the https://console.neo4j.io/[Neo4j Aura Console]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the link:https://console.neo4j.io/[Neo4j Aura Console].
```

> 2. Navigate to the top right where your account name is displayed as shown in the red box below and click on the down arrow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the top right where your account name is displayed  and click the down arrow.
```

+
image::aura-graphql-data-apis/unified-console-home.png[]
+

> 3. From the menu, choose API keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the menu, click *API keys*.
```

+
image::aura-graphql-data-apis/unified-console-account-dropdown.png[]
+

> 4. Select Create:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click *Create*.
```

+
image::aura-graphql-data-apis/unified-console-api-keys.png[]
+

> 5. On the pop-up window, enter a name for the API Key and then select Create:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the pop-up window, enter a name for the API Key and click *Create*.
```

+
image::aura-graphql-data-apis/unified-console-create-api-key.png[]
+

> 6. You will be shown the client id and client secret. Make a note as the client secret will not be shown again and you need both. If you download them, keep them safe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The client ID and client secret are displayed. Make a note as the client secret will not be shown again and you need both. If you download them, keep them safe.
```

> === Aura Console Classic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Aura Console classic
```

> 1. Login into the https://console.neo4j.io/[Neo4j Aura Console]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the link:https://console.neo4j.io/[Neo4j Aura Console].
```

> 2. Navigate to the top right where your account name is displayed as shown in the red box below and click on the down arrow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to the top right where your account name is displayed and click the down arrow.
```

+
image::aura-graphql-data-apis/console-classic-home.png[]
+

> 3. You will be shown a menu with your account name. Select Account Details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A menu with your account name is displayed. Click *Account Details*.
```

> 4. From the Account Details display, select the Create button in the Aura API Credentials section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the *Account Details* menu, click *Create* in the *Aura API* credentials section.
```

+
image::aura-graphql-data-apis/console-classic-api-keys.png[]
+

> 5. On the pop-up window, enter a Client name, and select Create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the pop-up window, enter a client name and click *Create*.
```

> 6. You will be shown the newly created Client ID and Client Secret. Make sure to securely save these as they are required to use the Aura CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The newly created client ID and client secret are displayed. Make sure to securely save these as they are required to use the Aura CLI.
```

> == Install & Configure the Aura CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Install and configure the Aura CLI
```

> == Install & Configure the Aura CLI

Reviewer: i'd argue that installation is the next step after prerequisites, and move the installation sections to their own file. what do you think?

Author: I think the reasoning here is that having the aura-cli installed is a prerequisite. It's not part of the GraphQL for Aura offering and is a standalone tool in the same way that the Aura console is a standalone tool that we're adding to

=== Installation

> . Using your browser, navigate to https://github.com/neo4j/aura-cli/releases/tag/v1.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to link:https://github.com/neo4j/aura-cli/releases/tag/v1.1.0[https://github.com/neo4j/aura-cli/releases/tag/v1.1.0] in your browser.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> We advise using at least version 1.1.0 for managing your GraphQL APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Aura CLI version 1.1.0 or higher for managing your GraphQL APIs.
```

====
+

> . Download the compressed file that matches your computer. Make a note of the folder where the file is located

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Download the compressed file that matches your system. Make a note of the folder where the file is located.
```

> . After the file has been downloaded, extract the contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After the file has been downloaded, extract the contents.
```

> . Open a command prompt and move to the location where you extracted the files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open a command prompt and move to the location where you extracted the files.
```

> . Complete the installation by moving the aura-cli executable file into the file path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Complete the installation by moving the aura-cli executable file into the file path.
```

.. Mac/Linux users:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
sudo mv aura-cli /usr/local/bin
----
+
.. Windows users:
+
[source, cmd, indent=0]
----
move aura-cli c:\windows\system32
----
+
. At the command prompt, type:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli -v
----
+
. You should see this:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura version v1.1.0
----

[NOTE]
====

> If you are using a Mac, you may receive a rather alarming warning from Apple that aura-cli could not be verified. If this happens, then open *system settings*, select *Privacy & Security* on the left, and scroll down on the right. Select *Open Anyway*. This should not happen again. The aura-cli has been through the Apple certification process but this can take time to trickle down through the Apple ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a Mac, you may receive a warning from Apple that aura-cli could not be verified.
If this happens, open *System Settings*, click *Privacy & Security* on the left, and scroll down on the right.
Click *Open Anyway*.
This should not happen again.
The aura-cli has been through the Apple certification process but it can take time to trickle down through the Apple ecosystem.
```

====

> === Add Aura API Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Add Aura API credentials
```

> Configure the Aura CLI with the Aura API client ID and client secret you obtained earlier. The Aura CLI refers to these as credentials and it is possible to have several sets of credentials and then choose which one to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Aura CLI with the Aura API client ID and client secret you obtained earlier.
The Aura CLI refers to these as credentials and it is possible to have several sets of credentials and then choose which one to use.
```

. At the command prompt, enter the following, using your values for the items in CAPITALS:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli credential add --name YOUR_LABEL --client-id YOUR_CLIENT_ID --client-secret YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET
----
+
. To confirm the credentials are working, list your Aura instances:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli instance list --output table
----

> === Set the Beta Flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Set the beta flag
```

> Instruct the Aura CLI to make available the commands for the open beta. This requires setting a configuration option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instruct the Aura CLI to make available the commands for the open beta.
This requires setting a configuration option.
```

. At the command prompt, enter the following:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli config set beta-enabled true
----
+

> . Check commands are listed for the open beta:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check if the commands are listed for the open beta:
```

+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli data-api graphql
----
+
. You should see this:
+
[source, bash, indent=0]
----
Allows you to programmatically provision and manage your GraphQL APIs

Usage:
  aura-cli data-api graphql [command]

Available Commands:
  auth-provider Allows you to programmatically manage Authentication providers for a specific GraphQL Data API
  cors-policy   Allows you to manage the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) policy for a specific GraphQL Data API
  create        Creates a new GraphQL Data API
  delete        Delete a GraphQL Data API
  get           Get details of a GraphQL Data API
  list          Returns a list of GraphQL Data APIs
  pause         Pause a GraphQL Data API
  resume        Resume a GraphQL Data API
  update        Edit a GraphQL Data API

Flags:
  -h, --help   help for graphql

Global Flags:
      --auth-url string
      --base-url string
      --output string

Use "aura-cli data-api graphql [command] --help" for more information about a command.
----

> == Author GraphQL Type Definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Write GraphQL type definitions
```

> Before you create a GraphQL API for use with an Aura instance, you must have type definitions ready for use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you create a GraphQL API for use with an Aura instance, you must create type definitions.
```

> If you already have type definitions from an existing GraphQL implementation these can be used but some exceptions need to be dealt with as these are not currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have type definitions from an existing GraphQL implementation these can be used.
However, you must deal with some exceptions.
The following are not currently supported:
```

> * The `@customResolver`/`@populatedBy` directives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `@customResolver` and `@populatedBy` directives
```

* Subscriptions

> Using the https://graphql-toolbox.neo4j.io/[Neo4j GraphQL Toolbox] is an easy way to produce and try out type definitions. Use of the Toolbox requires a connection to your Aura instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the link:https://graphql-toolbox.neo4j.io/[Neo4j GraphQL Toolbox] is an easy way to produce and try out type definitions.
Use of the Toolbox requires a connection to your Aura instance.
```

[NOTE]
====

> The *Neo4j GraphQL Toolbox* currently, supports version 6 of the `@neo4j/graphql` library. However, GraphQL APIs run the version 7 alpha. As a result, type definitions created via the toolbox may not be valid with a GraphQL API. You can find a list of the breaking changes https://github.com/neo4j/graphql/releases?q=%40neo4j%2Fgraphql%407.0.0-alpha&expanded=true[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Neo4j GraphQL Toolbox* currently,supports version 6 of the `@neo4j/graphql` library.
However, GraphQL APIs run the version 7 alpha.
As a result, type definitions created via the toolbox may not be valid with a GraphQL API.
You can find a list of the breaking changes link:https://github.com/neo4j/graphql/releases?q=%40neo4j%2Fgraphql%407.0.0-alpha&expanded=true[here].
```

====

> When your type definitions are ready, save them to a file. They will be used with the Aura CLI to create the GraphQL API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your type definitions are ready, save them to a file.
They will be used with the Aura CLI to create the GraphQL API.
```

> == Select the AuraDB Instance To Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Select the AuraDB instance
```

At the command prompt, type:

[source, bash, indent=0]
----
aura-cli instance list
----

> Your AuraDB instances will be displayed along with their IDs. Make a note of the ID for the AuraDB instance that you will use with the GraphQL API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your AuraDB instances are displayed along with their IDs.
Make a note of the ID of the AuraDB instance that you will use with the GraphQL API.
```

> After choosing an AuraDB to use and obtaining it’s ID, you must also have its username and password to use for authentication. For AuraDB, the username will likely be neo4j and the password would have been shown when it was created. If you do not have this information you cannot proceed with this instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After choosing an AuraDB to use and obtaining its ID, you must also have its username and password to use for authentication.
For AuraDB, the username will likely be "neo4j" and the password has been shown when it was created.
```

= Prerequisites

> Management of the beta of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB is performed using the Aura CLI command line tool which will need to be installed. Future versions of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB will be fully integrated with the Aura Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The beta of GraphQL for Neo4j AuraDB is managed via the Aura CLI command line tool.
You must install and configure the Aura CLI for this purpose.
Future versions will be fully integrated with the Aura Console.
```

> == Read This Before You Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Before you start
```
